For polycules exceeding 64 members, the check_in partner_id_bitmap will need to be stored as a BLOB, not an INTEGER.

While that first note was amusing, I think it points out that I want this to go in a slightly different direction,
And while I'm not ready to make the changes needed until I have the basic functionality in place, I thought
I should make some notes on what those changes are.

While the partner_id_bitmap was a fun and clever way to store everything in a single 64 bit INT, it's clearly
not scalable. And that would be fine if this were an app that could have instances spun up for individual
polycules, and those polycules couldn't be larger than 64 people. But that's not necessarily how relationships
work. Polycules can sprawl, and while it's likely that everyone to some extent thinks of themselves as the center
of the universe, no one actually is. And besides, RADAR can be used for more than poly, it can be used for any
type of relationship.

Next, I suspect that it will be rare (but *will* occasionally happen) for there to be RADAR check-ins with the whole
polycule together. I don't want to limit the number of people who can be in a check-in, but I also realize that
most of the time, a check-in will have two people.

So I want to replace that bitmap with a partner_id_list, which is a sorted, comma-separated list of the partners
attending a check-in. That way, a specific list of partners will map to all of the check-ins that have included
all of those partners and no others.

The next thing I need to do is to have some concept of users, logins, security. That means, people will need
passwords. There will need to be a login page. And every check-in you host should have you as a member.

And then, along with this, there should be a way for a user to get a list of all of *their* action points,
regardless of who else was in the check-in (these action points should probably have an indication of who
was in the check-in where they originated.) That way you can look at all of your own action points as a
sort of todo list.
